Hello and hello from munich my name
is an extra we are now
in the middle of Munich in Schwabing on the
Leopoldstrasse or shop opening from
samuel then are the shop today
opened in the middle of Schwabing tells us
a few despite his new job
different is new
So we expanded it
now much bigger than it was before me
before it was actually one
transitional solution it was such a
a little paradise i say
now for women who like
have a bit of clean up and here
is just a little bit bigger
The rooms are not that way anymore
glitter flu but it just so in the
valley
That means it's for young designers
thought as we here with the 2
have included young designer backdrop
his need the evenings platforms
to become music
also changed a bit yes so we
So you have to apply in any case
Keeping our style speaks so
you know that extravagant one
but we have to give it up to everyone
case we still have on tuesday
Journey time on the cool streetwear things ka
news kanye west has its show in new
york had great cool stuff for
adidas and gardens try is on
carnival so a little bit on like that
send a bit like me just send
but a bit cooler to direction
givenchy to go in the direction of this
this time very exciting worth today hospitable
So then, today there is actually
an unofficial opening is
today only the whole of me
dearest people here and micaela shepherd
here but i know many people or
always thinks out and the
splits the opinions but she is for
me a new girlfriend on years of
faithful friend very much the other invite
also opened and she is actually at
the first time always with it
my first fashion shows berlin
loading opening and always when I
do something for the first time
micaela shepherd and therefore many thanks
next to her is kress meier a very
successful designer hangs her fashion
here in samuel solid shop frazier a
couple of roots fashion since then
reporter we now have the
Summer collection was the highest
a bit '50s very much
female a lot of lace
emphasizes italy and everything chic the
I've already had a good summer
heard here today so a small
wonderful to have a bit ask the what
do you expect from what my invite
that the press, the future what
do you expect to be honest I have to
if life teaches me what to say
then it is that one without
Expectations in a young project
should go in
And that's exactly what Thomas also has today
I have no expectations of mine
As expected, there were my friends come
and they have all appeared numerous
and that that actually makes me
super happy there are so many people
because they made such a long way
have to come here
and yes that's enough for me already many
we slow down from munchen pious
we wish a lot of luck and success
Thank you very much
We are out today
what should I do